{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Release Notes\
\

\f1\i\b0 What\'92s new in ADK 2.0
\f0\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
General:\cf0 \
\pard\tx264\pardeftab720\li259\fi-14\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 - Added support for new features defined in HAP Specification R13.\cb1 \
\cb4 - Increased portability of sample implementation of an IP Camera for Raspberry Pi 3 (HAPPlatformCamera.c is now more generic).\
- Improved the implementation of AccessorySetupGenerator.\
- Added 64-bit Windows support to random number generator used by \'93AccessorySetupGenerator.exe.\'94\
- Added toolchain mips16el-gcc4.4.2-uclibc0.9.30-linux-gnu.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Key fixes:\
\pard\tx264\pardeftab720\li259\fi-14\partightenfactor0
\cf3 - Error correction in JSON serialization of characteristic manufacturer description.\
- Corrected handling of Configuration Number update after a Firmware Update/Bridge Configuration Change.\
- Extended timeout for BLE requests to be processed on the controller side.\
- Improved compatibility of C stdlib by removing usage of %llu.\
- Always have optional HAP-Characteristic-Configuration-Param-Broadcast-Interval sent, even when default interval is configured.\
- Fixed misaligned memory accesses on ARMv5-TE processors.\
- Corrected memory alignment code for MSVC-based binary libraries (Windows CE).\
- Fixed error response when IP camera streaming is started on a busy service.\
- Added a workaround for BLE reference platform HAPPlatformKeyValueStore implementation to avoid concurrency issues when key-value store is enumerated while a key is being deleted.\
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb1 Known Limitations:\
\
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 General:\
\pard\tx264\pardeftab720\li259\fi-14\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 - Running multiple IP accessory servers concurrently is not supported.\cb1 \
\cb4 - Using BLE and IP concurrently is not supported.\cb1 \
\cb4 - Wi-Fi bandwidth from Apple device to Raspberry Pi is considerably lower than in the other direction and packets are frequently lost.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 IP Camera:\
\pard\tx428\tx538\pardeftab720\li466\fi-194\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 - 
\f2\i0 \cf0 Only one A/V stream is supported.\
\cf2 - Audio/video \cf0 performance, memory and stability issues related to open-source plug-ins used with GStreamer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Getting Started
\f2\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi11\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ADK 2.0 is compatible with\cf3 \cb4  HomeKit Accessory Protocol Specification R13 and Accessory Interface Specification R29. Please refer to the HomeKit ADK Integration Guide
\f1\i  
\f2\i0 to learn more about ADK.\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx281\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Technical Support\

\f2\b0 \
Please contact the Developer Technical Support (DTS) team to request technical support for code-level or circuit-level questions. For instructions on how to obtain Developer Technical Support, search for article DS100 in the \'93Articles\'94 section of the MFi Portal.\
}